lucy is a science friction action film
released in 2014.
a woman gains psychokinetic abilities
when a nootropic drug
which improve cognitive function is
absorbed into her bloodstream
this science fiction movie also shows
what humans can do when they use the
full potential of human brain
movie begins with lucy's boyfriend who
does illegal work
asking her to take a suitcase and go to
the hotel in front
go to the reception ask mr jang to come
down
and give this suitcase to him lucy
asking what's in the case
richard saying it's some paperwork lucy
wanted to see it but he says
it's locked only jang has the code lucy
asks if he get paid to do this
he says yes how much she asks he says
one thousand dollars
lucy says one thousand dollars for
delivering paperwork
she says she doesn't want to do it and
leaves but her boyfriend slipped
handcuffs on her wrists
the other end on the suitcase lucy gets
angry
asking him to take this off her he says
her to go in she had no choice
so she goes inside she says she wants to
meet jang
some men come shoots richard and takes
her with them
she is shivering pleading to let her go
zhang
asks what's in the case she says richard
gave me the case to give to you
that's all i know he writes a code to
open the case and goes out
everyone guards themselves and asks her
to open it seeing this she asks
what's inside they say nothing dangerous
we don't trust richard
she says she doesn't trust richard
either she dated him for a week
she is forced to open it she enters the
code and opens the box
they ask her to describe the contents of
the case she says
it's four plastic pouches filled with a
blue powder they come in take a bit of
it and give to someone
he takes it takes very long breath in a
weird way
then starts loudly laughing continuously
seeing this everyone smile
and jon shoots him he offers her a job
she refuses
so a guy hits her face she gets
unconscious when she wakes up
she finds that they have done some
operation on her stomach they come in
give her some cloths to wear then take
her back to jane
she asks what they did to her stomach
someone says nothing
just a horizontal slit you will be fine
within a month
the scar is practically invisible
thinking they might have taken out any
organs
she says that she doesn't care about the
scar he says rest assured
we didn't harvest your organs or
anything we merely slipped a little
package into your lower tummy
it's a drug that kids are going to love
she asks what it is
he says the scientific name is cph4
which is not very cool from a sales
point of view
three other guys are bought in who also
have the same drug package in their
stomach
they give them passport and ticket
informing them they will be sent to a
location
where you will be taken in hand by our
people they will remove the packages
and you are free to go he reminds them
that if they try to warn
or turn themselves to the authorities we
have the names and addresses of the
families of every one of you
their face is covered and moved to
different locations on the other hand
professor samuel norman who has done
research on evolution and human brain
gives lecture on it he says humans have
changed this world by using only 10
of our cerebral capacity he says that
the only other species that uses brain
better than us as dolphins
they're very intelligent and uses 20 of
its cerebral capacity
which allows it to have an echolocation
system that is more efficient than any
sonar invented by mankind
they did not invent sonar they developed
it naturally
he says the aim of cells is to have time
by being immortal or reproduction
if the habitat is not sufficiently
favorable or nurturing
the cell will choose immortality on the
other hand if the habitat is favorable
they will choose to reproduce
so when they die they hand down
essential information and knowledge to
the next cell and so on
thus knowledge and learning are handed
down through time
lucy's face cover is removed she finds
herself in a room
in front of two guys who chains her to a
wall one guy harasses her
she says she is not in the mood he gets
angry and beats her
then kicks several times to her stomach
then other guy takes him outside
and locks the door her stomach pains a
lot
along with the drugs being leaked
because of the kicks on her stomach
on the other hand professor samuel says
if we could access twenty percent of our
brains capacity
it would give us access to in control of
our own body
a student asks what would be the next
stage he says it would be control of
other people
for that we need control over forty
percent of our brains capacity
beyond that we would have control over
matter another student asks
what if we use 100 percent he says he
have no idea
since large quantity of this drug being
released into her body
her brain is super active she is able to
use 20
of her brain's capacity she picks the
chair and sits calmly
showing no emotions the guy comes back
again wanting to have sex
lucy now knowing how to handle the
situation spreads her legs
indicating that she is ready as he comes
close enough she beats him up
uses his belt to pull the table where he
just kept the gun and keys
shoots him and gets out shoots everyone
in that place
has the food left in the table removes
the bullet that she got hit by in the
process
takes the weapons that she would need
and goes to a hospital since she has
complete control of her body
she knows that there is a lot of drug
left in the packet not yet released in
the body wanting to remove it
gets inside a room where some doctors
are operating on a patient
they ask her to get out she sees the
patient's condition
shoots the patient telling them tumor
had already invaded the cortex
meaning the patient couldn't survive
anyway she points gun to the doctors
she says that somebody put a bag of
drugs in me i need you to remove it
it's leaking they do as she said she
takes his phone
calls her mom while they are removing
the package at the same time
she says to her mom she feels everything
what do you mean her mom asks
she says space air vibrations
the people the rotation of the earth the
gravity
the heat leaving her body the blood in
her veins her brain
the deepest parts of her memory the
taste of her mom's milk
she also shares things happen when she
was less than a year old
her mom confused she thanks her mom and
dad for their love
says i love you and cuts the call they
remove the package
all this while she is awake she asks how
much is left
he says 500 grams and how long will it
take for my body to eliminate the rest
of it
to answer that he asks what it is she
says cph4
he looks at her she asks to tell her
about it he explains
pregnant women manufacture cph4 in the
sixth week of pregnancy in tiny
quantities
for a baby it packs the power of an
atomic bomb
it's what gives the fetus the necessary
energy to form all the bones in its body
i'd heard they tried to make a synthetic
version of it i didn't realize that
they'd succeeded
if it really is cph4 in this quantity
i'm amazed you're still alive
not for long she says she gets out now
using more than 20
of brain's capacity she is able to see
the inside of everything
goes to the hotel where jang is shoots
the guards before even opening the doors
jang's relaxing she stabs in his hands
he is in both anger and pain
she asks where are the others who are
carrying the drug i need the rest of it
for medicinal purposes
getting no response she holds his head
to read it and figures out where others
are sent
saying the locations berlin paris and
rome
then leaves he gets very angry then she
goes to her house
she lives with her friend she asks her
friend to let use her laptop
she searches for someone who had done
research on brain finds professor samuel
norman
she calls him and says professor i just
read all your research on the human
brain
we need to meet he laughs and asks all
of my research
i find that hard to believe he is about
to say how many pages he has written
she says 6734 pages
i can recite them to you if you wish she
appears in his tv
he is shocked she says that she absorbed
a large quantity of synthetic cph4
that will allow her to use 100 of her
cerebral capacity
right now she is at 28 and your theory
on brain's capacity is true
and her cells are reproducing at a
phenomenal speed she will die
soon and will not live more than 24
hours he asks can you control your
metabolism
she says yes she says she can also start
to control other people's bodies
she can also control magnetic and
electric waves just the basic ones like
television
cell phone radio she don't feel pain
fear
desire it's like all things that make us
human are fading away
she asks what to do with all this
knowledge about quantum physics
applied mathematics that she is
accumulating professor says to pass it
on
because that is the purpose of any cell
to pass on what it has learned
she says she will reach his house in 12
hours the news spreads that a woman has
shot a patient in hospital and police
are hunting for her
she change her looks in matter of a
second she contacts a local police
captain
pierre del rio saying she have important
information about a group of drug
traffickers
and needs to speak with someone with
position of authority he says
you're lucky there's no one with more
authority in this office than me
but let's start at the beginning what is
your name she says
listen up pierre del rio get off your
desk sit in your chair
pick up the red pen to the left of you
and take down everything i say
seeing that she knows everything he
looks for camera she says there are no
cameras
hurry up i've no time to waste he does
as she said
she says she's going to be sending you
the details of three people about to
arrive in europe
each one is carrying a kilo of drugs i
need you to arrest them and collect the
substance i'll need it for later
they are in form of powder hidden in
plastic pouches inside their intestines
a police dog starts to bark at her she
makes an eye contact and it gets quiet
showing us more of her abilities the
call ends she flies to paris
different police team goes to each
location find and catch all three of
them
and secure the drug package jang's men
see all this but unable to do anything
they leave while going to paris she
consumes a sip of champagne
and starts to disintegrate as her cells
destabilize
she runs to the restroom to stop
disintegrating she consumes more of the
drug
she recovers then start to just explode
she wakes up and finds herself to be in
a hospital
a nurse notices that she woke up rushes
and informs to the police and the doctor
who treated her
they go to see her she gets out they ask
her to not move
she wants to talk to him alone so she
makes everyone unconscious
then all the bullets from his gun drops
off automatically she asks about the
package
and where they are he says they're safe
here in paris they will be safer in my
hand she says
the three men are taken to a hospital to
remove the drugs
jang's men find the location meanwhile
he says what she did back there
freaked him out do i need to be worried
she says no
then she listens to what jang's up to
that is to collect the drugs
while she is driving to reach the
hospital we see some cool scenes
as the police in charge go out of the
room jang's men get in
shoot other policemen they extract drug
from two of them
and that policeman who went out comes in
he gets shot
the third guy runs but they shoot him
too lucy reaches the hospital
he tells his men to kill her and leaves
but is unable to go out
there is an invisible wall in front of
him all their weapons sticking to the
wall
then they too are unable to move as lucy
walks and takes the case
collects the third package seeing all
this del rio says i am not sure i could
be of any help to you
she says yes you are for what she says a
reminder
they head to meet professor norman jang
sees them leaving and follows them
lucy calls professor saying she is in
paris he says he is in university and
informed about her
to few of his colleagues to discuss her
case their top minds in their fields
and very trustworthy she says i trust
you he asks can you meet us at the
university but she have already reached
and enters the room
he starts to introduce his colleagues to
her she says she knows everyone
jang's men arrived to the university he
says to jang that five men are down at
hospital
and there are 25 men left with him
saying she's a witch
jang says he know that and wants to kill
her himself she knows that they are
coming here so she says del that some
men are coming
can you secure the room i need to stay
focused sure he says
handing off the suitcase and leaves the
room there are police coming to that
spot
along with jang's men preparing to
attack lucy shares the knowledge that
she has gathered
saying that humans consider themselves
unique so they've rooted their whole
theory of existence on their uniqueness
one is their unit of measure but it's
not all social systems we've put into
place are a mere sketch
one plus one equals two that's all we've
learned
but one plus one has never equaled two
there are in fact
no numbers and no letters we've codified
our existence to bring it down to human
size
to make it comprehensible we've created
a scale so that we can forget its
unfathomable scale
professor norman asks if humans are not
the unit of measure and the world isn't
governed by mathematical laws
what governs all that she explains with
an example of car speeding down the road
if we speed up the image infinitely and
the car disappears
asking what proof do we have of its
existence saying that time gives
legitimacy of its existence
time is the only true unit of measure it
gives proof to the existence of matter
without time we don't exist jang and his
men enters to find her
del rio says he can't hold them for long
she says time to go then
she tells them to put all the remaining
drugs into her body
professor asks her if she is sure she
needs such huge doses
afraid that she won't survive she says
she needs it
so she could use 100 of her brain
capacity professor says
i'm not even sure that mankind is ready
for all this knowledge
we are so driven by power and profit
given man's nature
it might bring us only instability and
chaos she says
ignorance brings chaos not knowledge
i'll build a computer and download all
my knowledge in it
i'll find a way for you to have access
to it professor says
i just hope we will be worthy of your
sacrifice meanwhile there is firing
between the zhang's men and the police
the drugs are injected in her body she
gains more power
and a black matter which extends her
body starts to consume all electric
devices in the room
then everything she makes a super
computer she time travels
visits different places in time also
meets the first human ancestor
who is also named lucy she touches
fingertips with her
then goes all the way to the beginning
of time and witnesses the big bang
meanwhile jang enters the lap and points
a gun at lucy's head
he shoots but by then lucy has reached
of her brain capacity and disappears
moving into the space-time continuum
only her clothes in the black
supercomputer are left behind
del rio enters and fatally shoots jane
norman takes a black flash drive
offered by the super computer after
which it disintegrates
del rio asks norman where she is
immediately after which del rio's cell
phone sounds and he sees a text message
i am everywhere lucy's voice is then
heard stating
life was given to us a billion years ago
now you know what to do with it
the story ends thanks for watching and i
hope you all liked this movie
and tell me any movie that you want me
to explain